Mom, you scared me to death!
Somebody get my mom to the hospital
Big sister
Fortunately, woman, we prepared an air cushion in advance
Let go of me, I'm the red star boss
You should all listen to me
Immortal you
Let go of my big sister
Ah Kun, this dog deserves death
Please stop
I am not guilty, it is you who are guilty
Ah Kun
Are you still not mistaken?
I am not wrong
Everything I do is for hearts
I'm right, Ah Kun
I actually thought about giving the hearts to you
But I didn't expect it.
You've done so much illegal work behind my back
Ji's business
I hope you can understand
My father's original intention of founding Hearts
It's for the good of society.
Rather than fighting
Hand over Ah Kong to the Reconnaissance Division to undertake according to law
Eldest sister, people like Ah Kun deserve it
You don't have to feel sorry for him
cyan
You say money
Can power really make people lose themselves?
Don't you often say but do good deeds and don't ask about your future?
The road is chosen by yourself